- Windowing / Overlap Add
    + When you process a discrete signal you get an array of values.
    + When processed in something like a DFT what it does mathematically is assume the signal repeats forever.
    + If you have an arbitrary chunk of audio then the samples at the start/end are going to be different, yeilding odd values.
    + Spectrum gets distorted by the discontinuity.
    + If you have a monophonic source you could look at the time domain signal and choose low values to make your windows at the right points.
    + Building loop points can be hard but is very important.
    + Can process signal in overlapping chunks (with hop size, eg 128, and window size, eg 256) to avoid having the "bouncing" of the audio.
    + Can add overlapping chunks and get 2x their magnitude, can then divide it. The tapering of the windows cancels, gives perfect reconstruction.
    + "Time domain syncronous overlap add"

- Time domain vs spectral domain
    + The way we understand audio is closer to time-frequency than a time-domain.
    + Eg In A1 the random phase waves added looked much different but sounded the same as the non-randoms.
    + Spectrogram is working horse visualization, also filterbanks, wavelets, multi-resolution spectrograms, chroma, etc.

- F0 estimation
    + Pitch is hearing sound and determining if it is high/low. It's a frequency.
    + the fundamental frequency is the 1x peak if we plot it. there is also a 2givesx and a 3x etc.
    + In most cases pitch / fundamental frequency are the same.
    + If you take a violin sound doing 440hz (and 880hz etc) and take out the 440hz then play it, humans will still hear the 440hz since the 880hz etc is still there.
    + Dicotic pitch: Take random numbers and play it in one ear, take the same set and shift it slightly, play in other ear. PLaying either one is garbage, playing both gives a constant sound undertone.

- Octave Errors
    + An octave is a doubling of frequency. A 440 has a 880 and a 220, etc.
    + We percieve sound logarithmicly.
    + When your F0 estimation algorithm gives you a value that is half or twice what a human would normally give you.
    + Common type of error.

- Timbre
    + It's a weird case.
    + When you hear sounds clearly you can sort them by loudness.
    + Loudness is a perceptual attribute.
    + No clear way of describing Timbre.
    + Characterized by harmonics and wave shape.

- MFCC
    + When you do this you're throwing away information.
    + Cannot get back the same signal.
    + Can get back something that sounds like an audio signal.
    + Keep the bottom 13 for speech (they have the most energy)

- Accumulator Marsystem
    + f(input, output, params)
    + Like a unix pipe. The "Dataflow paradigm"
    + Implicity Patching Composite idea
    + Have some kind of container called a series, drop objects in the container, they get connected in a line.
    + Maybe types like a fanout, a series, etc.
    + In Marsyas everything is single in/out, but things going between them are matrices.

